then we will arrive if we go fishing
so I'm fishing off saturday gordon hinkle very hard climatic to
competitions and bourbon includes
frankly very hard to resist better than others
so here I am on a post actually black
we had to take the boat
to actually get started we have a power to file in favor of
we are in this small central bank
behind
and much more impressive branches to go do a
little tour to see a little bit how it's going
and this border a good little way
for paul gaustad lucas to dump is increased ski sites around 7 o'clock
stargate takes too much of growth
here it's a little over 6% I know I'm proud of it actually this list
its dimensions the road
you pack the road to make a big shot
a big hole this contest could go down a lot the branches sotra
the first followed but the review of the wba where I am posted
behind the priest in a tented camp on the edge
so I put my canes which is about the same thing
except the last bite of drying in fact the return
it's a little bit
beautiful there is still
it's the same in his branches elsewhere
dwight howard rotondo
it's still beautiful
say that women street to fish away to create from the
back in orange the lift to go to the meeting says we have a little more
easy to see hoarau
finally the budget cuts 7 million euros
from here and there there is almost bottom meters
he says on his blog here
because I'm looking for a buyer
for the rest he followed with justice just above the group
google is organized a day I played on hard
the width I believe in the length
place the three rods almost in the same place but except with a little
near
shift guilmette
succeeded can finally of loire
unfortunately I have already had the opportunity to judge from this several
time
we learn that a lot of weight of his group and percent
to make great key moments
paramount on something else I have not found consensus yet I
advises a lot of goals a lot of fishermen - industry become curate
ludwig paischer la loire 0-1
one of the clubs
closer to home and the camp and the boat
I am in good
very very well so aulas and I hope
see you soon for a whim at such a welcome